Explain port needed to connect to self hosted API. (#263)
netbirdio/docs: src/pages/ipa/guides/quickstart.mdx

</CodeGroup>

> NOTE: If you are self-hosting netbird, you will need to use port 33073 with your management URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If you are self-hosting netbird, and used the advanced guide, you may need to use port 33073 with your management URL.
```
